Optional registry (#486)
Pylons/deform: docs/widget.rst

Specifying Widget Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When instantiating a new widget, you may specify its requirements by using the ``requirements`` attribute.
> There are two acceptable forms for the specification: two-tuples and dicts.
> The two-tuple form is used by all core Deform widgets and uses the resource registry, taking advantage of its abstraction layer.
> The dict form bypasses the resource registry.
> The dict form may be easier to implement than the two-tuple form for custom widgets.

Author: ```suggestion
When instantiating a new widget, you may specify its requirements by using the ``requirements`` attribute.
The requirements are specified as a sequence of two-tuples and/or dicts.
The two-tuple form is used by all core Deform widgets and uses the resource registry, taking advantage of its abstraction layer.
The dict form bypasses the resource registry.
The dict form may be easier to implement than the two-tuple form for custom widgets, as it does not introduce an implicit dependency on the registry. 
```

To be strictly correct the requirements is a sequence. The items in the sequence must be dicts or two-tuples.

Reviewer: Can they be a mixture of both types? I assumed that they are mutually exclusive, but after looking again at the code, it appears that they can be mixed.

Author: yes, technically it can be mixed. Theoretically you an require some general version of jQuery from the registry and then some specific code for your widget

Reviewer: Got it. One more commit, and one more review from @tdamsma, and I think we can :shipit:!

See 0d4683a.

Author: Great!

Specifying Widget Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When instantiating a new widget, you may specify its requirements by using the ``requirements`` attribute.
The requirements are specified as a sequence of two-tuples, dicts, or a combination of both two-tuples and dicts.

> The two-tuple form is used by all core Deform widgets and uses the resource registry.

Author: If you look carefully at this PR, you can spot that this is not true anymore. I realize now should have mentioned that explicitly in the PR, as you may very well disagree.

Reviewer: Good catch! Fixed in 8d25cc9.

Reviewer: Oh, and by the way, I agree. But then I realized that you changed the format for `fileupload`, but did not remove it from the default resource registry. Was that an oversight or deliberate?

Author: sounds like an oversight

.. code-block:: python
    :linenos:

    from deform.widget import Widget

    class MyWidget(Widget):
       requirements = ( {
           "js": "my:static/path/to/jquery.js",
           "css": [
                "my:static/path/to/jquery.css",
                "my:static:path/to/bootstrap.css"],
        } )

The supplied paths are resolved by ``request.get_path()`` so the required
static resources should be included in the Pyramid config.

.. _dict-widget-requirements:

Using dicts for specifying widget requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Requirements specified as a sequence of dicts should be in the form``({requirement_type: requirement_location(s)}, ...)``.
The ``requirement_type`` key must be either ``js`` or ``css``.
The ``requirement_location(s)`` value must be either a string or a list of strings.
Each string must resolve to a concrete resource.

.. code-block:: python
    :linenos:

    from deform.widget import Widget

    class MyWidget(Widget):
        requirements = (
            {"js": "deform:static/tinymce/tinymce.min.js"},
            {"css": "deform:static/tinymce/tinymce.min.css"},

>         )

Author: this seems like almost the same example as on line 303-309. Do we need both?

Reviewer: It would be good to include a code example for both methods.

Nonetheless, this came as a surprise to me. I did not know that we could already specify `requirements` for a widget via a dict as shown in this example. Does this mean that the work you did is for naught?

Author: I added that example, there are now three examples (two tuples, one added by me, one by you). Think we only need two

Reviewer: My mistake. I thought that example pre-existed, but looking back at [commit history excluding my commits](https://github.com/Pylons/deform/pull/486/files/c77522fc4d1d8681379b1fb8288e7363a6d4839d), I see now. I split the narrative docs section into an introduction, and one subsection each for two-tuples and dicts, but didn't realize this.

Fixed in 88b4978 by combining the bits in pieces to flow better. @tdamsma Would you please review again?

Author: Much better!
